1. Restaurant

2nd place in Yelp for 60089

Name        Peri Peri

url:        http://www.myperiperi.com

Platform:   WordPress

Secure:     Not Secure

Page speed: 61 mobile
            83 desktop

Menu: converting to simple select elelement for mobile version. Ugly and not modern.
When you open such a menu on the smartphone there 6 items 

More then half of page placed image in the center ~600 Kb with dimension 1920 by horizontal!
Why? It's heavy and useless

Top menu disappers while scrolling page on both on Mobile and destop.

Really bad thing is 404 error by clicking first button on the page "discover our story"!

Our menu page page in mobile veriosn doesn't contain left menu about Menu's sections 
which exists  in desktop version.
Should restaurant meny contains prices?

Another one image just taking space and not reactive is one on the 
catering page. Does nothing. Catering menu sitting under PDF file. How sad it is!

Locations.
DOORDASH Order online button over locations buttons just doen't work! 
There are also order online buttons under each location. But it doesn't make any sense 
have them there! 
Phone numbers are not active.
Address is also not activated as is.

In general - No images about intereier or dishes. No blog, Google+ was depriciated.
Yelp! link goes to Skokie IL branch which is marked as closed location. Double check.

in general the site for restaurant with more then 10 branches in 3 states site 
with above issues looks cheep and not cool at all. 


2. Car

1st place in Yelp for 60089
            Advanced VTech

            http://www.advancedvtech.com/

Platform:   Wix

Secure:     Not Secure

Page speed: 36 mobile
            73 desktop
  
Errors:     2 errors and 3 warnings

Responsive: not

Awful awful design and mobile version. Even on desktop version phont is hard to read and 
colors selection, size, color everything looks bad. different styles for buttons, 
some 3rd party logos which are not the links and small. Site looks like mid 90ties 
production.


3. Home


4. Personal


